After working out, it takes 5 hours for your body temperature to return to normal.
Children have more taste buds than adults.
The eye makes movements 50 times every second.
An ant’s sense of smell is stronger than a dog’s.
A day on Venus lasts longer than a year, it is 243 Earth days.
A snail breathes through its foot.
Polar bear fur is transparent, not white.
Cat kidneys are so efficient they can rehydrate by drinking seawater.
During a car crash, 40 % of drivers never even hit the brakes.
When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
Sitting straight up is bad for your back. You should slough at an angle of 135 degrees.
Honeybees navigate by using the sun as a compass.
Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
Banana milkshake is the perfect cure for hangover.
90% of U.S. media(TV, news, radio) is owned by 6 companies.
Goldfish don’t have stomachs.
Melting ice and icebergs make frizzing noise called “bergy selter”.
Some tumors can grow hair, bones and teeth.
Taking a quick nap after learning can help strengthen your memory.
Having friends from other cultures makes you more creative, study found.
Cherries can cause cancer cells to kill themselves.
Cracking knuckles does not hurt your bones or cause arthritis, the sound you hear is gas bubbles bursting.
Shark pregnancies last up to 4 years.
A full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon.
Smiling actually boosts your immune system.
Dogs and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing.
The main exporter of Brazil nuts is not Brazil. It’s Bolivia.
At rest, your brain one fifth of a calorie per minute.
A single tree can absorb more than 10 pounds of CO2 each year.
Amazon River once flowed in the opposite direction, from east to west.
Bald eagles are so named because balde is an old English word meaning white.
The Amazon River discharges 5 times as much water as any other river on the planet.
Mount Everest shrank one inch or 2.5 cm due to the 2015 earthquake in Nepal.
Lemons are more acidic than vinegar.
A koi fish named Hanoko lived for 225 years.
Caterpillars have about four thousand muscles.
Almost a third of the worlds languages are spoken only in Africa.
The longest jellyfish on record measured 160 feet, more than half the length of a football field.
Giraffe are already extinct in at least seven countries in Africa.
In the U.S., if you find a bald eagle feather on the ground, you need a permit to pick it up.
The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows.
The birthrate for twins has increased 76% since 1980.
The word Anaconda originated from Tamil, ani-kondra meaning elephant killer.
Air pollution in China increases snowfall in California.
63 earths can fit inside Uranus.
Tomatoes came from America and weren’t introduced in Italy until the 1540s.
You can start a fire with ice.
The first color photograph was taken in 1861.
Coffee beans aren’t beans they are seed of coffee berries.
New Zealand is part of Zelandie continent, of which, 93% is submerged.
The oil in cashews helps prevent tooth decay.
The first president of Zimbabwe was president Banana.
The name for the space between eyebrows is “nasion”.
A pineapple is neither an apple nor a pine. It is, in fact, a large berry.
The sun evaporates about a trillion tons of water a day.
Shrimp can only swim backwards.
Mangoes are the most-consumed fruit in the world.
Canada has the longest coastline of any country in the world.
Fresh cranberries can be bounced like a rubber ball.
Broccoli is the only vegetable that is also a flower.
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko.
Antarctica is the only continent with no owls.
In Germany, the shhh sound literally means hurry up.
Dogs can make about 10 sounds, while cats make about 100.
75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
Kangaroos can’t walk backwards.
Frogs cannot swallow with their eyes open.
Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on your tongue.
Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world.
The original recipe for chocolate contained chili powder instead of sugar.
Africa is divided into more countries than any other continent.
A cat’s lower jaw cannot move sideways.
Holland is the only country with a national dog.
On average, a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer.
Fish can drown.
Forty is the only number whose letters are in alphabetical order.
Squirrels lose more than half of the nuts they hide.
The human brain is about 80% water.
Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every 10 hours.
Crying makes you feel better, reduce stress, and may help to keep the body healthy.
Mount Everest is pronounced as Eve-rest, not Ever-est , as it is named after George Everest.
All pandas in the world are on loan from China.
When howling together, no two wolves will howl on the same note, instead, they harmonize to create the illusion that there are more of them than there actually are.
Your nose can remember 50,000 different scents.
India’s “Go Air” airline only hires female flight attendants because they are lighter, so they save up to US$500,000 per year in fuel.
At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
The most common color for highlighters is yellow because it doesn’t leave a shadow on the page when photocopied.
The Bermuda Triangle has as many ship and plane disappearances as any other region of the ocean.
Dolphins recognize and admire themselves in mirrors.
When a male penguin falls in love with female penguin, he searches the entire beach to find the perfect pebble to present to her.
New Zealand will deny people residency visa’s if they too high of a BMI and there are cases where people have been rejected because of their weight.
Whenever a pregnant women suffers from organ damage like heart attack, the fetus sends stem cells to the organ helping it to repair.
It is illegal to climb trees in Oshawa, a town in Ontario, Canada.
Brown eyes are blue underneath, and you can actually get a surgery to turn brown eyes blue.
When you blush, the lining of your stomach also turns red.
A bolt of lightning is six times hotter than the sun.
When a person cries and the first drop of tears come from the right eye, its happiness. if it from left eye, it’s pain.
Only 2% of Earth population naturally has green eyes.
Having bridesmaids in a wedding wasn’t originally for moral support. They were intended to confuse evil spirits or those who wished to harm the bride
is impossible to lick your elbow (busted)
A crocodile can't stick it's tongue out.
A shrimp's heart is in it's head.
People say "Bless you" when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.
In a study of 200,000 ostriches over a period of 80 years, no one reported a single case where an ostrich buried its head in the sand.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit. (busted?)
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Rats and horses can't vomit.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile can't move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
Money notes are not made from paper, they are made mostly from a special blend of cotton and linen. In 1932, when a shortage of cash occurred in Tenino, Washington, USA, notes were made out of wood for a brief period.
The Grammy Awards were introduced to counter the threat of rock music. In the late 1950s, a group of record executives were alarmed by the explosive success of rock ‘n roll, considering it a threat to "quality" music.
Tea is said to have been discovered in 2737 BC by a Chinese emperor when some tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water. The tea bag was introduced in 1908 by Thomas Sullivan of New York.
Over the last 150 years the average height of people in industrialised nations has increased 10 cm (about 4 inches). In the 19th century, American men were the tallest in the world, averaging 1,71m (5'6"). Today, the average height for American men is 1,75m (5'7"), compared to 1,77 (5'8") for Swedes, and 1,78 (5'8.5") for the Dutch. The tallest nation in the world is the Watusis of Burundi.
In 1955 the richest woman in the world was Mrs Hetty Green Wilks, who left an estate of $95 million in a will that was found in a tin box with four pieces of soap. Queen Elizabeth of Britain and Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands count under the 10 wealthiest women in the world.
Joseph Niepce developed the world's first photographic image in 1827. Thomas Edison and W K L Dickson introduced the film camera in 1894. But the first projection of an image on a screen was made by a German priest. In 1646, Athanasius Kircher used a candle or oil lamp to project hand-painted images onto a white screen.
In 1935 a writer named Dudley Nichols refused to accept the Oscar for his movie The Informer because the Writers Guild was on strike against the movie studios. In 1970 George C. Scott refused the Best Actor Oscar for Patton. In 1972 Marlon Brando refused the Oscar for his role in The Godfather.
The system of democracy was introduced 2 500 years ago in Athens, Greece. The oldest existing governing body operates in Althing in Iceland. It was established in 930 AD.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you'll feel thirsty.
If it's reduced by 10%, you'll die.
According to a study by the Economic Research Service, 27% of all food production in Western nations ends up in garbage cans. Yet, 1,2 billion people are underfed - the same number of people who are overweight.
Camels are called "ships of the desert" because of the way they move, not because of their transport capabilities. A Dromedary camel has one hump and a Bactrian camel two humps. The humps are used as fat storage. Thus, an undernourished camel will not have a hump.
In the Durango desert, in Mexico, there's a creepy spot called the "Zone of Silence." You can't pick up clear TV or radio signals. And locals say fireballs sometimes appear in the sky.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates' first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus' orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
The final resting-place for Dr. Eugene Shoemaker - the Moon. The famed U.S. Geological Survey astronomer, trained the Apollo astronauts about craters, but never made it into space. Mr. Shoemaker had wanted to be an astronaut but was rejected because of a medical problem. His ashes were placed on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft before it was launched on January 6, 1998. NASA crashed the probe into a crater on the moon in an attempt to learn if there is water on the moon.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists' favorite song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds," by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn's LETters.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium - first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues - was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium - 241 is used in many smoke detectors.
The original IBM-PCs, that had hard drives, referred to the hard drives as Winchester drives. This is due to the fact that the original Winchester drive had a model number of 3030. This is, of course, a Winchester firearm.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency's Olympus in 1993.
Starch is used as a binder in the production of paper. It is the use of a starch coating that controls ink penetration when printing. Cheaper papers do not use as much starch, and this is why your elbows get black when you are leaning over your morning paper.
Sterling silver is not pure silver. Because pure silver is too soft to be used in most tableware it is mixed with copper in the proportion of 92.5 percent silver to 7.5 percent copper.
A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber. A ball of solid steel will bounce higher than one made entirely of glass.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
An ordinary TNT bomb involves atomic reaction, and could be called an atomic bomb. What we call an A-bomb involves nuclear reactions and should be called a nuclear bomb.
At a glance, the Celsius scale makes more sense than the Fahrenheit scale for temperature measuring. But its creator, Anders Celsius, was an oddball scientist. When he first developed his scale, he made freezing 100 degrees and boiling 0 degrees, or upside down. No one dared point this out to him, so fellow scientists waited until Celsius died to change the scale.
At a jet plane's speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
The first full moon to occur on the winter solstice, Dec. 22, commonly called the first day of winter, happened in 1999. Since a full moon on the winter solstice occurred in conjunction with a lunar perigee (point in the moon's orbit that is closest to Earth), the moon appeared about 14% larger than it does at apogee (the point in it's elliptical orbit that is farthest from the Earth).
Since the Earth is also several million miles closer to the sun at that time of the year than in the summer, sunlight striking the moon was about 7% stronger making it brighter. Also, this was the closest perigee of the Moon of the year since the moon's orbit is constantly deforming. In places where the weather was clear and there was a snow cover, even car headlights were superfluous.
According to security equipment specialists, security systems that utilize motion detectors won't function properly if walls and floors are too hot. When an infrared beam is used in a motion detector, it will pick up a person's body temperature of 98.6 degrees compared to the cooler walls and floor.
If the room is too hot, the motion detector won't register a change in the radiated heat of that person's body when it enters the room and breaks the infrared beam. Your home's safety might be compromised if you turn your air conditioning off or set the thermostat too high while on summer vacation.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
The wick of a trick candle has small amounts of magnesium in them. When you light the candle, you are also lighting the magnesium. When someone tries to blow out the flame, the magnesium inside the wick continues to burn and, in just a split second (or two or three), relights the wick.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits can't sweat.
The pet food company Ralston Purina recently introduced, from its subsidiary Purina Philippines, power chicken feed designed to help roosters build muscles for cockfighting, which is popular in many areas of the world.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
Sharks and rays are the only animals known to man that don't get cancer. Scientists believe this has something to do with the fact that they don't have bones, but cartilage.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer can't eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Many sharks lay eggs, but hammerheads give birth to live babies that look like very small duplicates of their parents. Young hammerheads are usually born headfirst, with the tip of their hammer-shaped head folded backward to make them more streamlined for birth.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
The odds of seeing three albino deer at once are one in seventy-nine billion, yet one man in Boulder Junction, Wisconsin, took a picture of three albino deer in the woods.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
Cats often rub up against people and furniture to lay their scent and mark their territory. They do it this way, as opposed to the way dogs do it, because they have scent glands in their faces.
Cats sleep up to eighteen hours a day, but never quite as deep as humans. Instead, they fall asleep quickly and wake up intermittently to check to see if their environment is still safe.
Catnip, or Nepeta cataria, is an herb with nepetalactone in it. Many think that when cats inhale nepetalactone, it affects hormones that arouse sexual feelings, or at least alter their brain functioning to make them feel "high." Catnip was originally made, using nepetalactone as a natural bug repellant, but roaming cats would rip up the plants before they could be put to their intended task.
The nematode Caenorhabditis elegans ages the equivalent of five human years for every day they live, so they usually die after about fourteen days. When stressed, though, the worm goes into a comatose state that can last for two or more months. The human equivalent would be to sleep for about two hundred years.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
(removed, duplicated)
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottle represents the varieties of pickle the company once had.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks - otherwise it will digest itself.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the top.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis Diller. (false)
(removed, duplicated)
315 entries in Webster's 1996 Dictionary were misspelled.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
During the chariot scene in 'Ben Hur' a small red car can be seen in the distance.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark's stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
(removed, duplicated)
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear any pants.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
Upper and lower case letters are named 'upper' and 'lower' because in the time when all original print had to be set in individual letters, the 'upper case' letters were stored in the case on top of the case that stored the smaller, 'lower case' letters.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan, there was never a recorded Wendy before!
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with: orange, purple, and silver!
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
A tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion will make it instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original "Halloween" was a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with. It's the same with apples!
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
The word "queue" is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word ’set’ has the most definitions!
What is called a "French kiss" in the English speaking world is known as an "English kiss" in France.
"Almost" is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
"Rhythm" is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
(removed, duplicated)
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent except Antarctica.
It’s against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Horatio Nelson, one of England’s most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, everytime you breathe!
The elephant is the only mammal that can’t jump!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
(removed, duplicated)
The first known transfusion of blood was performed as early as 1667, when Jean-Baptiste, transfused two pints of blood from a sheep to a young man
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
The present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a "Friday the 13th."
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren’t added to it.
On average a hedgehog’s heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow’s milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It’s against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You’re born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can’t find any food!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart! creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
A cockroach will live for weeks without its head before it starves to death
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
A cat's urine glows under a black light.
(removed, duplicated)
Starfish have no brains.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
In France, it is legal to marry a dead person (Contributed by Loes - 16 May 2015)
Farts have been clocked at a speed of 10 feet per second.
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes.
On an average work day, a typist’s figures travel 12.6 miles
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour.
Vending Machines Kill More People per year than sharks.
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon!
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
In France, it is legal to marry a dead person.
To produce a single pound of honey, a single bee would have to visit 2 million flowers.
You are born with 300 bones, by the time you are an adult you will have 206.
A cockroach will live for weeks without its head before it starves to death
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
In Tokyo, a bicycle is faster than a car for most trips of less than 50 minutes!
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum!
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear trousers.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
The word pencil comes from a Latin word meaning small penis.
There is a French company that you can hire to kidnap you. They charge US$1600.
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is the official name of a village in Wales.
It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
Every day more money is printed for monopoly than the US Treasury.
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: $5500
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
Coca Cola was originally green.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
Every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos!
You are about 1 centimeter taller in the morning than in the evening!
In India, people are legally allowed to marry a dog!
More than 6,000 people with pillow-related injuries check into U.S. emergency rooms every year!
In Florida, It is illegal to sing in a public place while attired in a swimsuit.
A sneeze travels out your mouth at over 100 mph!
A Boeing 747 airliner holds 57,285 gallons of fuel!
A broken clock is right two times a day.
Every second, Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate.
Every 45 seconds, a house catches on fire in the United States!
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable"!
1% of Germany's population is genetically immune to HIV.
You breathe on average about 5 million times a year.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
A study by University Chicago in 1915, it concluded that the easiest color to spot at a distance is the color yellow. Which is why the most popular color for taxi cabs are yellow.
Japanese police declare murders that they cannot solve as suicides, in order to save faces and keep crime rate artificially low.
The smallest poisonous frogs only 10 millimeters (0.393701 inches) in length.
Farting helps to reduce blood pressure and is good for your overall health.
In 1994, the US Air Force did research on creating a gay bomb (are informal names for a theoretical non-lethal chemical weapon) which is a non-lethal bomb containing very strong human sexual pheromones that would make the enemy forces attracted to each other.
There are around 1,584 people in the United States named “Seven”.
The classic heart shape that we all know was meant to be two hearts fused together.
The water we drink is older than the sun. The sun is 4.6 billion years old.
The water on our planet is very old. The water we have now is the same water that existed hundreds of millions of year ago. The next time you drink a glass of water, you could be about to sip on dinosaur pee.
Meanwhile, about 40% of Americans think humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.
Nobody knows who named our planet “Earth”.
Michael Nicholson from Michigan. He has one bachelor’s degree, two associate’s degrees, 22 master’s degrees, three specialist degrees, and one doctoral degree, making him the most credentialed person in history. 
Practicing a kill in your head will make you better at it, but only if you’re already good at it.
If two identical twins have children with another pair of identical twins, then their children will genetically be full siblings.
In Biertan village (located in Transylvania, Romania) the church had a “divorce-reconciliation room.” Couples that wanted to get a divorce had to live in a room for two weeks with one small bed, one chair, one table, one plate, and one spoon. In 300 years, they only had one divorce.
Killing a panda in China is a serious crime. It is punishable by death.
December 4th is the National Cookie Day!
Beards can slow the aging process by stopping water from leaving the skin, keeping it moisturized.
A survey found that 33% of men and 43% of women claimed that they had fallen in love with someone they did not initially find attractive.
Most people dream in color, but those who grow up watching television in black and white are more likely to dream in black and white.
Mixing your drinks with diet soda can get you drunk about 18% faster than regular soda. Hmmm…
The number of H2O molecules in 10 drops of water is roughly equal to the total amount of stars in the universe.
Octopuses have copper-based blood instead of iron-based blood, which is why their blood is blue rather than red.
Also, they have three hearts and nine brains
The hormones responsible for your growth are only produced when you sleep.
You touch your face an average of once every three minutes. And you properly touched your face after you read it.
People who sleep less than six hours a night are 4.2 times more likely to catch a cold compared to those who get more than seven hours of sleep.
Dogs can make about 100 different facial expressions.
Iceland has no army as is often recognized as the most peaceful country in the world.
Shigeru Miyamoto – maker of Super Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong – is not allowed to bike to work because his safety is too important to Nintendo.
Every year, women lose approximately 1.73 billion bobby pins.
Dolphins give each other “names” – Specific sounds that they use to call friends and family.
Chimpanzee babies like to play with dolls – They’ll make dolls out of sticks and rocks for themselves.
Squirrels plant thousands of trees every year, simply by forgetting where they put their acorns.
Koalas can sleep for up to 20 hours a day.
The average woman will spend one full year of her life trying to decide what to wear. 
The average woman owns eight times more makeup than she actually uses.
Rainbows that appear at night are called “moonbows.”
100 million years ago, crocodiles had long legs and could gallop after their prey. 
The real Top Gun school give a $5 fine to any staff member that quotes the movie.
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world's nuclear weapons combined.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ballpoint pens every year.
On average people fear spiders more than they do death.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr. 
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name. 
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist. (hmmmmmmm)
In ancient Egypt, priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies, including their eyebrows and eyelashes.
TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made using the letters only on one row of the keyboard.
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
If Barbie were life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand seven feet, two inches tall.
The original story from "Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights" begins, "Aladdin was a little Chinese boy." 
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously. 
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life. What about milk you say?
A snail can sleep for three years. 
No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined. 
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean. 
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us. 
A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass is living. 
The most common name in the world is Mohammed. 
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph. 
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat. 
The "dot" over the letter "i" is called a tittle. 
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.

Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life. What about milk you say?
A snail can sleep for three years. 
No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined. 
The volume of the earth's moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean. 
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop faster than the rest of us. 
A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass is living. 
The most common name in the world is Mohammed. 
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
The "pound" key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph. 
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat. 
The "dot" over the letter "i" is called a tittle. 	
Dr. Freeman's
Latest Book
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be
right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil. 
Ham radio operators got the term "ham" coined from the expression "ham fisted operators," a term used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code (i.e., pounded their fist). 
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is "Live Free or Die." These license plates are manufactured by prisoners in the state prison in Concord. 
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne. 
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc.
Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.  (A reader of this page stated that this statement is not true: Aerogel is the densest solid in the world at 1mg/cc.)
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world. 
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F. 
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P. 
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun. 
The longest place name still in use is: 
Taumatawhakatangihangaoauauotameteat uripukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiwhenua kitanatahu
-- a New Zealand hill. (See if your spell check has this word)
Los Angeles's full name is: "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de losAngeles de Poriuncula" and can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, "LA." 
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older. 
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur. 
According to Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity, it is possible to go slower than light and faster than
light, but it is impossible to go the speed of light. Also, there is a particle called tackyon, which is supposed to go faster than light. This means if you fire a tackyon beam, it travels before you fire it. 
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it's the same length as a person’s head. 
Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards. 
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee. (Hardly seems worth it)
If you passed gas consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes. ( In your next life do you want to be a pig?)
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death. 
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour. (Do not try this at home ..maybe at work)
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates mating by ripping the male's head off. 
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds. (What can be so tasty on the bottom of the pond?)
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Butterflies taste with their feet. (Something I always wanted to know)
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
Elephants are the only animal that cannot jump. (OK, so that would be a good thing....)
A cat's urine glows under a black light. (I wonder who was paid to figure that out.)
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain. (I know some people like that.)
Starfish have no brains. (I know some people like that too.)
Polar bears are left-handed (Who knew...? Who cares!)
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
 Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated. 
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite. 
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar. 
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing. 
The shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes. 
There are more chickens than people in the world. 
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey. 
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched." 
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag. 
All of the clocks in the movie "Pulp Fiction" are stuck on 4:20. 
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple. 
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt." 
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill. 
Almonds are a member of the peach family. 
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance. 
Maine is the only state (in USA) whose name is just one syllable. 
There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous. 
Los Angeles' full name is "El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula" 
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear. 
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur. 
In most advertisements, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10. 
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer. 
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's "It's a Wonderful Life." 
A dragonfly has a life span of 24 hours. 
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds. 
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge. 
It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open. 
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world. 
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak. 
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket. 
Mr. Rogers was an ordained minister. 
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes. 
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball. 
Stewardesses" is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand. 
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks or it will digest itself.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously  from the bottom of the glass to the top.
A female ferret will die if it goes into heat and cannot find a mate.
During the chariot scene in "Ben Hur," a small red car can be seen in the distance.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily (I knew it!).
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, and silver. What about "month?"
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan." There was never a recorded Wendy before.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin in World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death. (Who was the sadist that discovered this??)
Bruce Lee was so fast that they actually had to slow film down while shooting so you could see his moves. That's the opposite of the norm.
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's "Born in the USA."
The original name for butterfly was flutterby.
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law which stated that  you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The first product Motorola started to develop was a record player for automobiles. At that time, the most known player on the market was Victrola, so they called themselves Motorola.
Roses may be red, but violets are indeed violet.
By raising your legs slowly and laying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
Celery has negative calories. It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it to begin with.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said, "Elementary, my dear Watson."
An old law in Bellingham, Washington made it illegal for a woman to take more than 3 steps backwards while dancing.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from public libraries.
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them. (The suits or the astronauts?)